The teacher has a strong Tibetan accent as they discuss the Windhorse Retreat, which is part 3 of a
7-part series, which is part 3 of a 7-part series.
7-part series.
The teacher has a strong Tibetan accent as they discuss the Windhorse Retreat, which is part 3 of a
7-part series, which is part 3 of a 7-part series.
7-part series.
The teacher has a strong Tibetan accent as they discuss the Windhorse Retreat, which is part 3 of a
7-part series, which is part 3 of a 7-part series.
7-part series.
The teacher has a strong Tibetan accent as they discuss the Windhorse Retreat, which is part 3 of a
Again, the marriage activity can be divided in two different ways, and that will bring the two
different results.
The marriage activity will bring good benefit and good results in the well-being of the samsara.
The marriage activity will lead finally to the nirvana status.
The marriage activity will bring good benefit or good results also in the samsara.
Those are often known as the higher rams, such as the human rams or the god's rams, the name of the
god.
We will take the birth in those rams.
The marriage activity will lead to the nirvana status, and there are three different nirvanas.
Generally, in the Buddha's teaching, those are known as the hiraka or the arhat hood of the nirvan
as,
the part of the Buddha hood of the nirvanas, and the bodhisattva or the Buddha hood of the nirvanas
.
There are three different ways.
Those all started again with the marriage activities.
With all the marriage activities, it won't again be the result.
The cause of those achievements is absolutely best and depended with the marriage activities or the
good deeds.
For that reason, again in the Buddha's teaching, the Mahayana sutras are known as the Jyatira Ropa,
which is the Lalita Vasuta, or in Sanskrit, basically it is the playful sutras of the Buddha's life
story.
In that teaching, the Buddha said that those who have the marriage activities well-proper all their
wishes.
The two-proper the wishes are also dependent upon one's good deeds and good marriages.
Therefore, everything that you see has cause and condition.
Without the cause and condition, good combination, cause and condition, there is no kind of result
by itself.
Therefore, if we like to have the good result, definitely we have to work with good cause and
condition.
Good cause and condition is then absolutely best on the bodhicitta and the good heart activity of
the bodhicitta.
That bodhicitta is love and kindness and compassion.
And that wisdom combined, or activity combined with the wisdom with love and compassion, that makes
it so special.
And that will benefit to the other beings and to yourself.
So, everything really can be developed.
Every our fulfillment and achievement in one way is becoming drawn to our own good heart with a
good mind.
Therefore, these marriage activities are very, very important and very, very special.